I do want to I just think we ought to
wait till after you graduate I don't
it's only your mind
janitor month
sorry I personally consider his engaged
as it now congratulations David
no look you can say yes in a taxi I have
a 230 0.98 right here Oh fraid you'll
say yes I'll see you tonight at
Brandon's party okay you can say yes sir
just as well as in a taxi my god
five
that's the last time she ever saw him
alive and that's the last time you'll
ever see him alive
what happened to david kentley changed
my life completely and the lives of
seven others Janet Walker
Henry kentley the boy's father his aunt
mrs. Atwater his best friend Kenneth
Lawrence a housekeeper named mrs. Wilson
and the two who were responsible for
everything
Brandon Shaw and Phillip Morgan
miles captain Mauser I which is a cat
which is the margin of it
he's got it he knows he knows all right
now it's easy I'll take care of your
wilt and just assume kill you is kill
him
you